[Music]
a15 riddles that will blow your socks
off
some advice here please make sure you're
not wearing shoes it could get ugly when
those socks blow off so are you ready
for some challenging riddles then let's
see how many of these puzzles you'll
manage to get right just beware though
most people can't even crack half of
them go ahead and hit that subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the bright side now after
each riddle you'll get 10 seconds to
figure out the solution before you're
shown the answer if you need more time
to think hey you can always pause the
video you all set
great then let's get started number one
what's the missing letter W L and then
what use your lateral thinking to find
the connection it's the letter A of
course W stands for water since that's
where you'll find a boat L is for land
where cars get around so that must mean
a stands for air where planes fly number
two why not people in the Arctic may
have extreme difficulty finding food and
even starve to death if they can't but
they'll never ever eat a penguin why is
that can they be that protective of
these cute waddling Birds
[Music]
the answer simple people can't eat
penguins in the Arctic because there
aren't any in the North these birds live
in the southern Antarctic number three
family ties
if I'm the only brother-in-law of your
mother's brother who Emma how good are
you at family connections you have 10
seconds to crack this puzzle well I'm
your father Luke I am your father
[Music]
number four time travel
what is yesterday's tomorrow and
tomorrow's yesterday get to thinking ten
seconds isn't a lot of time to solve
this time-travel riddle and the answer
is today number five which letter is
missing a B C D do you remember your
ABCs hey hold on now the answer isn't as
straightforward as it seems the
countdown has begun
[Music]
the missing letter is F saying put it
there and we get the letter e number six
the man who is robbed a man walked into
a police station he said he had been
robbed on his way to the bank
he was carrying a briefcase with a large
sum of money when some guy wearing a
black mask and gloves attacked him the
robber snatched the briefcase and ran
away the police officer listened to the
victim and asked him about a fresh cut
on his right cheek the man replied it
was from a silver ring the criminal had
been wearing when he punched the poor
victim in the face after that the
officer immediately knew that the man
was lying but how could he figure that
out you have ten seconds to sharpen your
detective skills and solve this mystery
[Music]
the man couldn't have possibly known
that the robber was wearing a silver
ring after all the attacker had gloves
on number seven life is unfair after a
particularly heavy snowfall had let out
Daniel went outside and discovered there
was twice as much snow in his yard than
in his neighbor's but Daniel didn't look
surprised at all how come try to shovel
your way to the truth in the next 10
seconds there's no mystery to this
whatsoever
Daniel's yard is 2 times bigger than his
neighbors number 8 how about a date
number yesterday was the 16th then what
date will the day after tomorrow be you
might need a calendar to crack this one
[Music]
the correct answer is xx number 9 Anne's
weird food preferences and likes
Tomatoes but not potatoes she eats
grapes but not lettuce she loves peas
but can't stand onions chicken and
cucumbers but avoids carrots so can you
figure out if this picky girl prefers
apples or pumpkins
[Music]
and will always choose a good orange
pumpkin because she only eats fruits and
veggies that grow on a vine number 10 a
missed birthday a girl was 10 on her
last birthday but she'll be 12 on her
next birthday how is it possible
[Music]
no birthday skipping here the girl is
having her 11th birthday today
speaking of eleven here's number 11 what
letter is missing take a look at this
seemingly random assortment of letters J
F a MJ Jaso nd can you figure out what
letter should be between F and a
[Music]
well the start with these are the first
letters of all the months from January
to December therefore the third letter
will be M for March number 12
who will Thomas like Thomas likes Jeeps
but not Vance apples but not pears
tennis but not hockey and Jimmy but not
Nick so can you figure out if he'll like
Hannah or Lisa
[Applause]
[Music]
Thomas will like Hannah he only likes
things and people whose names have
double letters in them hey maybe he
should get with Ann and her equally
picky preference for vine fruits and
veggies no it just adds up to disaster
to me
picky + picky does not equal easy going
on to number 13 a problematic parrot
once upon a time a pet shop owner had a
beautiful parrot for sale and apparently
this parrot could speak at least a sign
on its cage said this parrot repeats
everything adheres intrigued a woman
decided to buy the bird for two weeks
she tried to make the parrot speak but
it remained silent after that the woman
ran out of patience and returned the
bird to the store for a refund however
the owner wouldn't make the deal because
he claimed that he never lied about the
parrot how is it possible
[Music]
ah you're gonna love this one the sign
said that the parrot repeated everything
it heard unfortunately the bird was deaf
number fourteen hey don't get mad at me
I'm just reading these things number
fourteen
a cryptic location you leave this place
without ever having entered it
what is this location it's the hospital
where you were born number 15 the island
on the lake mary is stranded on an
island in the middle of an enormous deep
lake mary can't swim she doesn't have a
boat and the nearest town is on the
shore five miles away from her all she
has is three ropes each of them being
two feet long and still three hours
later Mary reaches the town how did she
manage to escape from the island you're
ten seconds have started
[Music]
got it
guess what it's winter and the lake is
frozen that's why it wasn't a problem
for Mary to simply cross the lake on the
ice ooh and here's a bonus
here's another sequence of letters MTW
FSS what letter is missing in the middle
you still have just ten seconds to
figure it out the missing letter is T
these seven letters stand for the days
of the week Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday so
[Music]
bright Siders
how many riddles did you end up solving
let us know down in the comments be sure
to give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life dot
[Music]